sessions.md, before:

# Sessions

## 1 - Intro

1. Went to the Yawning Portal.
2. Did not interfere with the half-orc and the thugs who attacked her.
3. Defeated 3 Stirges and repelled the troll with with Durnan's help.

> XP: 200 + 25 + 25 + 25 / 4 = 68.75 = [70]xp each

## 2 - A Friend In Need

- Met Volothamp Geddarm ("Volo") and agreed to help find his missing friend, Floon Blagmaar. 
- Volo agreed to pay 10 dragons each now, and 100 dragons if he is found. 
- Alana believes that he is exaggerating how much he will be able to pay.
- Visited the Old Xoblob Shop. Did not buy anything.

| Combat: | Zhentarim Hideout |
|--------:|-------------------|
| Trogdor   |` 0 s s s s `|
| Kenku     |` x x 0     `|
| Kenku     |` x x x 0   `|
| Kenku     |` x x x x x `|
| Triel     |` d x x x x `|
| Alana     |` d x x x x `|

<sub>_x_ = acted  
_d_ = delayed  
_0_ = defeated  
_s_ = saving throw</sub>

> XP: 50 + 50 + 50 / 3 = [50]xp each

### Aftermath

- One Kenku escaped the Warehouse.
- Found 15 silver bars (50 gp each)
- Found 4 paintings depicting Luskan, Neverwinter, Silverymoon and Baldur's Gate. (75 gp each)
- Ranaer Neverember agreed to join the group
- The Zhentarim's symbol is a winged snake. 
- The Xanathar Guild's symbol is a crude beholder.
- Met Captain Hyustus Staget (of the City Watch).

Learned from Ranaer Neverember that the Zhentarim thinks his father, Dagult Neverember, embezzled a large amount of gold while he was Open Lord, and that he hid the dragons somewhere in the city. They think they can find it by using an artifact called the Stone of Golorr, which was in the hands of the Xanathar Guild until recently. Apparently, someone stole it. The Zhents thought Ranaer knew something about this, but he claims to know nothing. "My father and I haven't spoken in years" he said.

## 3 Xanathar Guild Hideout

- A pair of goblins betrayed the Guild in exchange for a gold piece each.
- Krentz (human bandit) was allowed to flee
- Floon was rescued from the Guild and reunited with Volo
- The party accepted the deed to Trollskull Manor.

## 4 Furnishing Trollskull

- Worked a day at cleaning up the taproom.
- Met Talisolvanar "Tally" Fellbranch from the Bent Nail next door 
    - Asked him to make complete furnishings for the Manor
    - taking on an apprentice. 
    - Estimated a week per small room.
- Met Fala Lefaliir, an Herbalist who runs "Corellon's Crown". 
    - described Lif's passion for the tavern
- Hawked wares for A.D.I.D.A.W.D (all day I dream about waterdeep)
- Mirt (a.k.a. the Merciless, or "old wolf")
    - Everyone agreed to join the Harpers, receiving a pin of a harp in a crescent moon.
    - Agreed to find someone who can speak with the dead
    - Offered to pay 15% of the renovation costs in exchange for access to a discreet place for Harper meetings.
    - warned Triel that Bregan D'aerthe has become interested in her.
    - needs you to find a talking horse named Maxeene

Commit message:

session logs from last time (?)

sessions.md, after:

# Sessions

## 1 - Intro

1. Went to the Yawning Portal.
2. Did not interfere with the half-orc and the thugs who attacked her.
3. Defeated 3 Stirges and repelled the troll with with Durnan's help.

> XP: 200 + 25 + 25 + 25 / 4 = 68.75 = [70]xp each

## 2 - A Friend In Need

- Met Volothamp Geddarm ("Volo") and agreed to help find his missing friend, Floon Blagmaar. 
- Volo agreed to pay 10 dragons each now, and 100 dragons if he is found. 
- Alana believes that he is exaggerating how much he will be able to pay.
- Visited the Old Xoblob Shop. Did not buy anything.

| Combat: | Zhentarim Hideout |
|--------:|-------------------|
| Trogdor   |` 0 s s s s `|
| Kenku     |` x x 0     `|
| Kenku     |` x x x 0   `|
| Kenku     |` x x x x x `|
| Triel     |` d x x x x `|
| Alana     |` d x x x x `|

<sub>_x_ = acted  
_d_ = delayed  
_0_ = defeated  
_s_ = saving throw</sub>

> XP: 50 + 50 + 50 / 3 = [50]xp each

### Aftermath

- One Kenku escaped the Warehouse.
- Found 15 silver bars (50 gp each)
- Found 4 paintings depicting Luskan, Neverwinter, Silverymoon and Baldur's Gate. (75 gp each)
- Ranaer Neverember agreed to join the group
- The Zhentarim's symbol is a winged snake. 
- The Xanathar Guild's symbol is a crude beholder.
- Met Captain Hyustus Staget (of the City Watch).

Learned from Ranaer Neverember that the Zhentarim thinks his father, Dagult Neverember, embezzled a large amount of gold while he was Open Lord, and that he hid the dragons somewhere in the city. They think they can find it by using an artifact called the Stone of Golorr, which was in the hands of the Xanathar Guild until recently. Apparently, someone stole it. The Zhents thought Ranaer knew something about this, but he claims to know nothing. "My father and I haven't spoken in years" he said.

## 3: Xanathar Guild Hideout

- A pair of goblins betrayed the Guild in exchange for a gold piece each.
- Krentz (human bandit) was allowed to flee
- Floon was rescued from the Guild and reunited with Volo
- The party accepted the deed to Trollskull Manor.

## 4: Furnishing Trollskull

9/9
- Worked a day at cleaning up the taproom.
- Met Talisolvanar "Tally" Fellbranch from the Bent Nail next door 
    - Asked him to make complete furnishings for the Manor
    - taking on an apprentice. 
    - Estimated a tenday per two small rooms.
- Met Fala Lefaliir, an Herbalist who runs "Corellon's Crown". 
    - described Lif's passion for the tavern
- Hawked wares for A.D.I.D.A.W.D (all day I dream about waterdeep)
- Mirt (a.k.a. the Merciless, or "old wolf")
    - Everyone agreed to join the Harpers, receiving a pin of a harp in a crescent moon.
    - Agreed to find someone who can speak with the dead
    - Offered to pay 15% of the renovation costs in exchange for access to a discreet place for Harper meetings.
    - warned Triel that Bregan D'aerthe has become interested in her.
    - needs you to find a talking horse named Maxeene

## 5: Finding Maxeene

### 9/10
- Met Friar Persch near a wicker monument
- Introduced Hickory Gurt to Tally Fellbranch as apprentice
- 3/24ths towards the manor's fixups
- Frewn's Brews is "Coming Soon"

### 9/11
- Gave street urchins some money
- performed firewalking near the docks for folks gathered to see the Carnival Ships
- Learned Davil Starsong's Name and description from Maxeene (a talking horse)
- Got a hint from Mirt to ask Avi at the Steam and somethin
- Found an eyepatch, dropped by a Drow that was shadowing Triel.
